# site : https://cse134bhw5-63a32.web.app/
# PID : A15542406
# Name : Samay

### Welcome to my personal website ###
Note - part 3 has been done on why.html not crud.html
Part3 Discussion:
So I used firebase cdn instead of using it's SDK which has both it's pros and cons. All in all, I thought my site barely used these firebase modules(only in 2 webpages) and thus went with this light approach(saves more memory). 
Then I proceeded to choose Realtime Database rather than Firestore since it has existed for longer and is more robust. It fit my simple use-case and was the recommended option by Firebase after going through their site on which service to use.
When I started adding firebase DB rather than local storage, I picked from my existing crud.html and crud.js from the last hw4. This allowed me to easily begin working on it but had tardeoffs which I later realized.
Initially I was torn b/w two approaches where in I could use an observers reference on my datbase to display my blogs and sequentially make changes to my db which would automatically reflect on my site. However, this didn't fit my current implementation as this meant, I had to use the random key generated by firebase when I added a new entry and would not be able to use array-based indexing to display, edit and remove blogs. So I went with the existing approach and instead of using the onValue methods on the DB ref, I read the vaues once to display them. On making chnages such as adding, editing and removing blogs I was doing them locally and then updating my DB with the changes and reflecting them on my website. Here you can see the pro is that now my webiste would not be repainted everytime there is a change in the DB since I was updating specific blogs that were affected using it's index. The only time this caused issues were when removing a blog since I would have to do reindexing of my posts array then which seemed inefficient but would still provide a better user experience on the front-end. So you can say I made back-end compormise for front-end performance. Along with this I added ideas such as making changes in the DB before reflecting them so in the case there's some backend issue it won't update the frontend as well, which is better since now atleast the user would know an error took place rather than being in the dark.
For firebase auth, I added the simple logic to check is the user is currently logged in or not to make updates to the website and periodically made updates to the webite based on the user logged in status. As mentioned in the write-up it seemed a better approach to use JS for this security since CSS could be changed by the end-user.
Lastly, I could have better defined my code into different modules as I did for part 1 but have left this to be done later!

From changelog.md:
To my portfolio website on syptic.github.io, I added Google analytics.
To match the css edit to imgs, I added background music to the home page with audio-controls.
Made tweaks to Spike's images on home page and made the navbar more coherent.
Added site in-search using Google search(currently still working to improve it to search items within the site more accurately).
Used different modules for Part 1 to ensure coherent, easy to read and re-usable code.
Use display flex for the navbar and removed max-width so adding new items to top nav doesn't affect it.
Organized my code into different files and managed assets much better.
I also added the blogs to my existing why page and then implemented Part 3 in it.
Added a seperate css file for blogs and user auth. 
Got decution in part 1 for minor div-itis so distributed code into different sections and used better tags such as details, menu and article to coherently divide the code and make better usage of existing HTML tags.
Improved css, used standard colors across the website with contrast for better readbility and management.
Improved lightHouse score to 100s and high 90s. Made fixes such as adding aria-labels, providing image dimenions and only importing firebase modules as needed.
Also added favicon.ico to better represent my website.
